all right I want to show you the proper
way to remove Volkswagen terminal ends
from one of the connectors this happens
to be the connector in the central
convenience module for a 2000 Jetta GLX
and I want to remove the antenna wire
this is what serves the row locking so
first off you have to look at the
connector and if you see a purple tab
like this
that's a locking tab and one way or the
other it's going to push and it will
click when it is unlocked if you do not
move the locking tab you will not be
able to get the pins out see if I can
sometimes it's hard to see which way
these things move okay this one has
little ears on the edges that are gonna
prevent me so I'm gonna get this
unlocked with a no words in the tape
alright I got the locking tab out as you
can see now this is uh no longer flush
now you need to use a special tool I
like to use these tools which
pencil-neck on the TDI for themselves
they're like little tweezers but you can
see he's filed them down some there's a
fat one and a thin one for these
connectors we're going to use the thin
ones then you got a look at the
connector let's see which pins is it
these two you'll notice that there are
these little slots I don't know if you
can see that or not but if you stick the
tool in
you can just pull the wire out I have to
say this tool Oh for this one I need the
bigger tool where to put it well anyway
on this connector there are little tiny
tiny locking tabs I don't know if you
can see them but they're on each side
and we need to press the tool in goes in
there like this and forces those tabs
down and then you can easily sometimes
hold the connector out now sometimes
these still give you trouble and kind of
a kind of a pain sometimes but it is
possible to get these out without
breaking them